<b>subject</b>
In RxJS, Subjects are a special type of observable that allow values to be multicasted to many observers. They act as both an observer and an observable, which means you can subscribe to a subject and also push new values into it. This makes subjects particularly useful for scenarios where you need to share data or events between multiple parts of an application.
We already discussed differences between subjects and observables in previous chapter. 
Subject is a class, so it can't be used as operator. After instantiating a subject as following:
const chatSubject = new Subject()
We can use subject in following scenarios:
- Multi-casting:
we can subscribe to it as many times throughout our application and all subscriptions will receive the emitted value.
- Event Emitter:
In Angular services, subjects can be used as event emitter. This allows components to react to events without needing to be directly linked.
Note the differences between EventEmitter and using a subject in a service as EventEmitter:
* EventEmitter:
Meant for local communication within Angular components and their parents. Commonly used to emit custom events from child components to parent components using Angular's @Output() decorator. Angular will take care of its lifecycle.
* Subject
More commonly used in services for sharing data or emitting events across different parts of an application. It’s especially useful when you want to implement a publish-subscribe pattern across different services or components that aren't directly related via templates
We need to take care of subscriptions and memory leak.

asObservable() method:
Subjects are both Observable and Observer. While you might want to expose the observable part, it's often a good practice not to expose the subject itself to avoid unintended next() calls or modifications. 
By using asObservable(), you ensure that the external consumers can only subscribe to the stream of values and can't emit new values

Note: if a subject completes all subscriptions will be unsubscribed too.

Checkout to the question commit of subject-part1 and part2 branches, follow instructions written for subject function.
<small>commit: subject-part1 and part2</small>